Zendesk Support doc (#924)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/zendesk-support.mdx

---
title: "Zendesk Support"
description: Step-by-step guide on ingesting data from Zendesk Support into RudderStack.
---

> [Zendesk Support](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us) is one of the popular Zendesk platforms which lets you handle customer support operations by offering support through various mediums such as email, mobile, social media, and voice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zendesk Support](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us) is a popular ticketing system and support platform. It lets you offer customer support through various mediums such as email, mobile, social media, and voice.
```

This document guides you in setting up Zendesk Support as a source in RudderStack. Once configured, RudderStack automatically ingests your Zendesk Support data and routes it to your specified data warehouse destination.

<div class="warningBlock">
All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.
</div>

## Getting started

To set up Zendesk Support as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **Zendesk Support** from the list of sources.
3. Assign a name to your source and click **Continue**.

### Connection settings

To set up Zendesk Support as a Cloud Extract source, you need to configure the following settings:

> <img src="../../assets/zendesk-support-settings.png" alt="Zendesk Support connection settings" />

Reviewer: please verify if the image URL works as expected.

Author: I put it in that folder initially, but it was not reflecting for some reason (tried everything from name changes to path changes) but it finally reflects this way. Hence kept here.

We can move these inside the folder once red-crackle takes a look at the image issue.

This one reflects for me, verified.

- **Start Date**: Choose the start date from which you want RudderStack to ingest the Zendesk Support data. RudderStack will not replicate any data before this date.

<div class="warningBlock">
If you do not specify the start date, RudderStack will replicate all your data by default.
</div>

> - **Subdomain**: Enter the subdomain from your Zendesk account's URL. For example, if your Zendesk account URL is `example.zendesk.com`, the subdomain would be `example`.

Reviewer: `example` is repeated a lot here, both in the sentence and in the actual example. Can we use `sample.zendesk.com` instead?

### Destination settings

The following settings specify how RudderStack sends the ingested data from Zendesk Support to the warehouse destination:

- **Table prefix**: RudderStack uses this prefix to create a table in your data warehouse and loads all your Zendesk Support data into it.
- **Schedule Settings**: RudderStack gives you three options to ingest the data from Zendesk Support:
    - **Basic**: Runs the syncs at the specified time interval. 
    - **CRON**: Runs the syncs based on the user-defined CRON expression.
    - **Manual**: You are required to run the syncs manually.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on the schedule types, refer to the <Link to="/sources/extract/common-settings/">Common Settings</Link> guide.
</div>

### Selecting the data to import

You can choose the Zendesk Support data you want to ingest by selecting the required resources:

<img src="../../assets/zendesk-resources-support.png" alt="Selecting the data to import" />

> The below table mentions the syncs supported by these resources from Zendesk Support to your warehouse destination:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below table mentions the syncs supported by the resources from Zendesk Support to your warehouse destination:
```

Reviewer: can standardize this across all docs.

| Resource | Full Refresh sync | Incremental sync | 
| :---| :---- | :---- | 
| `brands` |  Yes | No | 
| `custom_roles` | Yes | No | 
| `group_memberships` | Yes | Yes | 
| `groups` | Yes | Yes | 
| `macros` | Yes | Yes | 
| `organizations` | Yes | Yes | 
| `satisfaction_ratings` | Yes | Yes | 
| `schedules` | Yes | No |
| `sla_policies` | Yes | No |
| `tags` | Yes | No |
| `ticket_audits` | Yes | Yes | 
| `ticket_comments` | Yes | Yes | 
| `ticket_fields` | Yes | Yes | 
| `ticket_forms` | Yes | Yes | 
| `ticket_metric_events` | Yes | Yes | 
| `ticket_metrics` | Yes | Yes | 
| `tickets` | Yes | Yes | 
| `users` | Yes | Yes | 

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on the <strong>Full Refresh</strong> and <strong>Incremental</strong> sync modes, refer to the <Link to="/sources/extract/common-settings/#sync-modes">Common Settings</Link> guide.
</div>

<div class="warningBlock">

> There are some rate limits while sending requests to the Zendesk Support API. Refer to the <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/introduction/rate-limits/">Zendesk documentation</a> for more details on these  limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some rate limits while sending requests to the Zendesk Support API. Refer to the <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/introduction/rate-limits/">Zendesk documentation</a> for more details on these limits.
```
